From the large lake to underground caves and a sinkhole,
Byung Man's Tribe concluded their survival in Atiu.
And the next location for survival...
with the new Byung Man's Tribe is Aitutaki.
(Aitutaki)
It's been voted by explorers around the world...
as one of 1,001 sceneries to visit in your lifetime.
There are beautiful weathered volcanic rocks in Aitutaki.
3 volcanic islands and 12 coral islands...
form a triangle in this island.
The white sand and the corals blend in with the turquoise sea,
so this place is called the last paradise on Earth.
(It's the last paradise on Earth.)
The Law of Jungle in Cook Islands unfolds in the paradise.
The second half starts now.
(On a sunny day in Aitutaki Airport, Cook Islands)
(Byung Man and Kang Nam await the new Tribe members.)
This is nice.
Is that them?
(The plane cuts across the blue sky...)
(and arrives in Aitutaki Island.)
(The Tribe takes their first step towards a new challenge.)
Hello.
Welcome to Aitutaki.
(The 34th Tribe took 34 hours to get here.)
It was difficult to get here, right?
(You've come a long way.)
It was fun.
- Jung Tae. - Hello.
- Nice to meet you. - Hello.
- Hello. - Joon Young.
It's your third time.
Hello, I'm Actor Kim Jung Tae.
(On TV and films,)
(he played unique roles with flawless acting.)
(He's a scene stealer who also took over variety shows.)
I'm not too worried.
Depending on the environment,
people adapt.
(As he said,)
(he starts surviving according to the environment.)
Give it to me.
(He conquers the rough sea with his surviving instincts.)
(He runs out of energy quickly too.)
That was unexpected.
(Unlike Jung Tae,)
(there's somebody who's full of energy.)
You need the fishing line, right?
(If somebody needs something,)
(she runs with her long legs.)
(Survival comes before the show.)
- Be careful. - Where?
(Who is this person who runs off without the camera?)
Hello, I'm Actress Lee Da Hee.
(She captivated the audience...)
(with her proud, chic, and sexy charms.)
NCO Recruit Lee Da Hee, mark!
(She conquered the military show,)
(and she's here to challenge herself in the survival.)
The other way.
(She's a perfect fit for the extreme nature of this show.)
(As a former model,)
(she has long legs, and she's proficient in underwater swimming.)
Did you receive training before coming here?
Pardon?
I'm so shy.
It's been a while. I'm Actor Park Jung Chul.
I went to Madagascar, Nepal, Costa Rica,
Micronesia, the Solomon Islands, and the Ecuadorian Amazon.
It was Chatham.
I've gone from the sea to the mountain. Isn't that everything?
(He's a veteran who's in the jungle for the 8th time.)
It's been 50 days since my baby was born.
I'm spending most days at home.
It's a parenting war.
I told people I'm going to the jungle,
and they think I'm avoiding my parenting responsibilities.
I think it's also good for my baby...
if I return home with good energy.
(Jung Joon Young's 3rd time, Niel's 2nd time)
(Byung Chan of Victon is the youngest.)
(The 34th Byung Man's Tribe is ready to go.)
All right. We have to take a boat, right?
- That's what it looks like, right? - Yes, that's what it looks like.
We are not going to the mountains.
- Right. - Should we divide ourselves?
- I think so. - Let's do that.
This survival begins...
as you leave the main island on the boat.
There are two boats behind you,
so please feel free to go on either one.
It's up to us?
- It's up to us? - Yes.
Let's go.
Let's get going.
- Should we go? - Let's go.
What?
(What are you doing, Byung Chan?)
- What is it? - I...
- got something for the Chief. - It must be something.
What?
It's for the Chief.
I have something for everybody else too.
This is the best thing with idol members.
They always bring something.
They always bring interesting items.
Take that out.
This is it.
It was on the bottom.
- It's a letter. - It's from Ha Young.
She wrote you a letter.
- Ha Young did? - Yes.
- She wrote it herself. - Really?
- She really wrote this? - Yes.
Why did she write you a letter?
Read it out loud.
"Hello, Chief Byung Man and the members."
"Victon is in the same agency as us Apink."
"I heard that Byung Chan is going to the jungle,"
"so I thought Apink raincoats would be helpful..."
- "when you build houses." - It was so helpful.
"I wanted to help, so I sent them through Byung Chan."
"Please take care and don't overexert yourselves."
"From Ha Young of Apink."
(Ha Young's gift will be very practical for the Tribe.)
It's pretty useful.
- Yes. - Right?
We used Apink raincoats in Fiji last time.
- Really? - Are these the same ones?
- It's the same one. - It's for everybody?
- Yes. - It is the same one.
Here you go.
Does Apink sell raincoats?
- It's from our agency. - This raincoat?
It's a promotion.
It gets cold when it rains at night.
- We'll put these to good use. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - Don't worry.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
- We're leaving. - Come this way.
Go here.
(It's up to us.)
- Is it that important? - Pardon?
(They get on the boats.)
Are you going here?
- We'll go like this. - Sure.
- It doesn't matter, right? - No.
Which way are we going?
I'll go on first.
(Byung Man, Da Hee, Jung Chul, Niel, and Byung Chan in a big boat)
- Get on, Niel. - Okay.
Go on.
You can go first.
Go slowly.
(Jung Tae, Kang Nam, and Joon Young are in the small boat.)
We're good to go.
(Byung Man's Tribe is ready to go.)
See you.
(See you soon.)
Let's go.
(They sail across the emerald sea to their survival zone.)
Look at the color of the water.
- The color gets prettier. - This is unbelievable.
(They're amazed by the beautiful scenery.)
- This is an art. - It looks like computer graphics.
- Right. - It's beautiful.
I've never seen this color of water.
It's kind of white too.
It's so pretty.
Look at the color of the water. It's pretty.
- How many meters is this? - I wonder.
The color doesn't look real.
Right? It's so pretty.
It looks like the color of soda.
It's beautiful.
The water is so pretty.
This place looks like Hawaii.
Look at the color of the water.
Look.
- This... - The color...
(They can't take their eyes off from the water.)
Hey.
(They sail alongside each other and enjoy the nature.)
Hey! This looks like computer graphics.
It doesn't look real.
- Isn't this fake? - It looks like soda color.
The color is so pretty.
- It's so pretty. - I want to drink it.
- The color is so nice. - It's so pretty.
Is this the color of the water...
- or the corals inside? - No.
As you get deeper,
the water gets darker.
But it's not like the seas in Korea, right?
It's not as dark.
It's not totally dark. You can still see...
Do you fish in specific water?
Are most fish here edible?
Is it okay when you're catching them? They don't bite?
If you avoid them, they don't attack, right?
They won't just attack you.
Sea snakes are gentle.
When do we get to go in the water?
Have you learned to snorkel?
- Yes. - I'll guide you.
- Okay. - You can try.
- You know what? - What?
You can drink...
clear water like this.
I have something.
What is it?
(He takes care of his skin.)
It's a toner.
It brightens your skin.
The sun is strong, so you have to put something on.
True.
It's not about getting burnt. There's the volcano.
- The volcano. - That's true.
It's strong. Use a lot.
It's for everybody.
This is good.
You're too white.
I used what he gave me.
- I used everything he gave me. - It's too much.
Aren't you an actor?
Stop trying to be funny.
I used everything he gave me.
He was being thoughtful. I don't know how I look.
It's the Kabuki style.
I'm trying to rub it.
- Is it that bad? - I'm trying,
- but it's not getting absorbed. - You have to wipe it.
Put on a play.
(The members on this boat are getting ready to survive.)
Do it.
The color is beautiful.
It's getting prettier.
(They're absorbed in the Mother Nature.)
- When you look from above... - This is fantastic.
It is.
Director,
when this scene airs on the television...
(He sounds old.)
I haven't heard "television" in a while.
Can you play "Yeonan Pier" by Kim Trio?
(The boat comes by once in a while)
You didn't drink, right?
(Did you have a glass of rice wine?)
(He's mesmerized by the scenery.)
This is wonderful.
I think we're almost here.
- Cut the song. - We're here.
Our boat is going towards that island.
It's pretty.
- We're here. - It's pretty big.
(What will their survival zone be like?)
Is it the big island? Are we headed there?
Is it the big island?
It's so pretty.
- Is this it? - It's unbelievable.
- It's pretty. - Look at that.
- Are those all coconuts? - Yes.
We won't starve to death.
(Byung Man's Tribe is motivated from the beginning.)
- We're totally free here. - That's right.
Free?
- I'll show you how it's done. - It's really pretty.
It's pretty.
(Kang Nam's boat gets anchored first.)
What if...
(The others wait on their boat.)
Look at the waves.
This island is pretty.
- It's so nice. - It's small.
This is perfect for a commercial. I'm not ready.
It's a paradise. It's so nice.
- This is paradise. - Exactly.
(Byung Man scans the island from the boat.)
These rocks...
are from volcanic eruptions.
- These are volcanic rocks. - Right.
(Why is the other boat leaving?)
- Look at them. - Where are you going?
(Byung Man's boat leaves the survival zone.)
Where are you going?
(What's going on?)
- Aren't we going there? - Why not?
(They're confused.)
- What? - Hey!
(They call out.)
What?
(The boat sails farther away.)
Why?
I guess we're going to the island next to it.
- What's the idea? - What's this? Where is this going?
(They have a bad feeling.)
We're getting separated?
Why are they leaving? Why aren't you telling us?
As soon as you got on the boat,
the upcoming 48 hours were decided.
The upcoming 48 hours were decided.
We'll keep the same members...
For 48 hours, you have to survive together.
Here's the survival theme of Aitutaki Island.
They must survive separately for 48 hours.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Before leaving, Byung Man's Tribe...
got on the two boats randomly.
As soon as they got on the respective boats,
their fates for 48 hours were decided.
From now on, they'll be divided into two islands...
of 5 and 3 people and will start their survival.
It's hard enough to try to survive together.
Will they be okay in small groups?
- Hold on. - I got on the wrong boat.
(They regret it. Their future is bleak.)
I should have gotten on the other one.
- Seriously, what's going on? - Wait. Don't these islands connect?
I knew I got on the wrong one.
It was totally random.
Why did I get on the boat without Byung Man?
I regret it.
Is this for real?
(They're confused as well.)
- Really? - Are we doing this?
- For two days? - Yes.
I was more worried about Kang Nam's side than ours.
There were five of us,
but they only had three.
Are we going to be separated for 48 hours?
(They're at a loss.)
What? What is this?
48 hours is more than half of the trip.
- Really? - The three of them?
And us?
(They're more serious.)
Wait. Don't these islands connect?
(They're only 800m apart, but the water is in the way.)
- Once the tide is low? - We can swim there.
- We can't have crayfish then. - What? By ourselves?
(They're worried about the meal.)
How are we supposed to survive?
I haven't been here in a while, and this is the worst.
(Can they survive without the Chief?)
The color changed. It's different from earlier.
I can see the bottom. Right?
- It's different. - Look.
(He scans the area before getting off.)
The coconuts are too high.
- That's true. - They're too high.
There's a lower one.
That one?
They arrive on the two islands with the goal of...
surviving separately for 48 hours.
How will they survive on the two islands...
that look close but far.
(Niel is the first one to get off the boat on Byung Man's side.)
- Hold on, Niel. - Yes.
- Did you take it? - What?
Excuse me.
- Oh, this? - Yes.
- This... - Don't go too fast.
I'm going to drop it.
- You have to take care of me. - I know.
- That's good. - Okay.
I didn't get my shoes wet.
(Byung Chan gets off next.)
Da Hee, can you take my bag and jacket?
Okay.
(He takes care of Jung Chul.)
You're taking care of an old guy. You're giving me a piggyback,
so I might get criticized.
It's comfortable though.
Thank you.
(He piggybacks Da Hee as well.)
Byung Chan is a man.
(Byung Chan is a real man.)
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- I'll take your bag. - It's okay.
You're the best.
Let's get there first.
Are we going to be here for two days?
The most important thing is to look for a site for our shelter.
That's right. Let's take a tour of the island.
I think it'll take 9 minutes and 8 seconds.
- 9 minutes and 8 seconds? - The island is really small.
I like how small the island was.
Compared to big islands, smaller islands...
have less bugs,
and it's airy.
(It's a small island that feels pleasant.)
When we first got there, the sun was really strong,
so I really liked it.
The weather was great,
so it was pretty.
The sand portion was long,
and there was the forest.
It felt like there will be a lot of food,
and it looked like a good place to be in.
The fact that I was in the same team...
as Byung Man took all my worries away.
I didn't think it'll be hard.
We've never been separated from the first day.
The first thing...
that popped up in my head was that I'll have to work hard.
Let's leave our bags here...
and look around.
Let's look around.
Hey, look.
- They have that. - What is that?
It's a table.
There's a table.
Areas like these...
They have this in Belize.
During certain seasons, fishermen come...
and leave after they're done.
They come during seasons to catch fish.
That's what that is.
That's why the trees are cut.
(Locals rest or stay here after fishing in the area.)
That's right. It's a perfect size.
- Shall we go that way? - Okay.
The island you see in front of you...
is the island Kang Nam and the other two are at.
- That island? - Yes.
(They can clearly see it.)
- Are we going to see them? - We'll see them on the last day.
- 48 hours is 2 days. - We'll meet on the 3rd day.
- We'll meet on the 3rd day. - Right.
Can we swim there? Can't we do that?
If you'd like, you can.
You're saying we can swim there, right?
Yes.
- She's saying it's possible. - She's so strong.
It's different once you put the flippers on.
This is nice.
We can...
- use this as a table. - We can.
That's true. People stayed here temporarily.
There's another one.
(There's a pillar made out of palm tree as well.)
We can use the pillar.
(They have all the ingredients to build a jungle house.)
I have to map it out in my head...
so that I know how to use the ingredients.
I'll think of a plan,
so you can partner up and take a tour.
If there's somewhere you can go in, try it.
- Take a full tour. - Okay.
Shouldn't we take tools?
Tools? What do we have?
- I think we should take them. - Okay.
(She opens up her backpack.)
Da Hee is the most prepared.
She has good tools.
Hold on. What's this?
Before I came here, I bought all these.
If I try to take professional tools,
you might stop me,
so I took items that are used daily.
For example, I can use mesh laundry bags as nets.
I thought long and hard about what to bring.
We have to catch fish,
so I prepared mesh laundry bags to use as nets.
I don't like bugs,
so when I sleep,
I can put it over my head.
Byung Man can use these skewers...
as harpoons when he goes night hunting.
Do you want to come?
I put a sticker on him.
The Law of Jungle.
I brought this. It was so memorable.
I brought wires to make a grill.
(She's the best.)
We have to catch fish.
I'll catch fish at all cost.
All right.
(Wire, string, nails, hammer, plier, and so on)
Da Hee brought everything.
- Gloves. - This is a hardware store.
Gloves.
- A grater? - Last time,
you grated coconut.
You made holes in a canteen, but you're not in a good condition,
so this is for you.
- Really? - Yes.
I have to climb and get coconuts then.
- Right? - It's a gift for your return.
This is awesome.
She really wanted to be here.
She prepared a lot.
Even men don't prepare that much.
The fact that she brought survival tools...
was impressive.
You prepared so much. You're so detailed.
You're so detailed.
Next, Niel.
(Show me what you brought.)
(Me?)
(They saw what Da Hee brought.)
What did you bring?
I didn't bring anything special.
Just this.
(He brought a finger heart.)
(This is how I consider you.)
Is this what you brought?
Keep it in a safe place. Take it back.
Okay.
- I'll put it back. - Jung Chul.
It's down here.
It's big.
(He makes a heart with both hands.)
- It's big. - It is.
You got a big one.
- What about you? - Byung Chan.
It's in my bag.
- Your bag? - Good.
This is not free.
(It's a heart.)
It's the biggest.
Cut it up. Let's use it for hunting.
- Cut it up. - Leave it that way.
- Leave it as it is. - Okay.
Put it back.
(Team Byung Man has more love than tools.)
Imagine if Da Hee wasn't on our side.
- She saved us. - Thank you.
- I knew it. - Thank you.
- It's nothing. - It's Never Da Hee.
We won't die because of this.
(We won't die because we have Da Hee.)
- That's her nickname. - Okay.
- Look around. - Okay. See you later.
(Team Byung Man explores around.)
Look in the water too.
There might be clams.
- Take a full loop. - Okay.
They're there.
- Who is? - Don't you see them?
The other team?
- Is Jung Tae there? - Yes.
(They can see the other members far away.)
They look close,
but if we try to swim over, it'll take a long time.
It looks close.
(The two islands are 800m apart.)
It'll take longer than you think. The current is strong.
(It won't be easy because of the waves.)
It's hard. It looks hard.
(They turn away from the other members...)
(and focus on searching nearby.)
- My gosh. - Why? My gosh, gloves.
(It's a moray eel.)
- No. - Can't we catch it?
We can catch it.
- I saw it last time. - We can catch it,
- but it doesn't taste good. - It has many bones, right?
- It's a moray eel. - Hey.
- It's a moray eel. - You're incredible.
I couldn't remember the name,
so I was just pointing at it. You're incredible.
It's hard to catch, and it tastes bad.
- It tastes bad, and it's bony. - Yes, it has many bones.
- What is it? - It's a net.
- Where? - Here.
There's a net.
We can use that later, right?
Right. We can use anything that's here.
Let's just remember where it is.
You see the rocky areas?
- The rocks. In between the rocks. - Right.
There are fish in these areas.
Jung Chul, isn't this a fish?
- Where? - Jung Chul.
(Did she find a fish?)
- This one. The one on the bottom. - Where?
- It looks weird. - Where?
The one on the bottom.
Look at the tail. It's moving.
It's not a fish.
Isn't it a sea cucumber?
There's a conch.
Hold on. That's not important right now.
We'll miss this one then.
I know, but this is a sea cucumber.
It's not a sea cucumber. It's a fish.
It's not.
I'm sure.
- Didn't you bring that? - It's not.
Did you bring the skewer?
This is my eighth time here.
- I brought it. - It's not a fish.
You picked them up. I just brought them.
Which one?
The skewer. We can use it as a harpoon.
I thought you took everything we needed.
I only brought this.
- I packed these. - I know.
- What about you? - We each had to bring it?
I didn't bring anything.
(I came empty-handed.)
We're just exploring.
I see the conch.
It's not a fish. I'm serious.
You're wrong. It is a fish.
Go towards it.
Try it then.
- It looks gross. - It's trial and error.
Jung Chul, do you want to try it?
What? Do you want me to take it out?
Yes.
Can you do it?
I thought you were confident.
I saw it move.
(Jung Chul takes over.)
Is it a snake?
It's not moving.
(What are you?)
Is it moving?
It's defending itself.
(It spurts out white liquid.)
It's spurting out.
(Oh, my)
See?
- This... - Good job moving it.
(She's scared,)
(but she doesn't forget to praise him.)
- Can you move it up more? - Thanks for your compliment.
- A little bit more. - Should I move it up more?
- Yes. - Okay.
She was making me do it.
I didn't feel bad.
She was very enthusiastic.
She wanted to help.
She tried to participate.
I was thankful.
I have seen something like this.
It has a name.
- It isn't fish. - I told you it isn't fish.
Fish doesn't look like that.
Go in.
- There is a conch. - I told you earlier.
There is a big one.
- I told you. - There is another one.
I told you.
Take off the stone and put it here.
There is another one.
There are no small ones.
- Okay. - There are many of them.
(She becomes absorbed in collecting conchs.)
Collect a few of them.
- Is this edible? - It's edible.
(Taking off)
It's tasty when it's grilled.
- It's a conch. - A conch?
There are clams too.
Let's take them.
- Give them to me. - Are they too small?
Give them to me.
- Feel them. - I don't need to.
There is no flesh.
The shells opened.
(He has nothing to say.)
My goodness.
Do you want to carry it?
- The bag? - Yes.
Okay. I will carry it.
(She makes a bag for the jungle.)
There are plenty to eat.
We should catch fish.
We should.
We will probably go on a hunt after sunset.
It's not strong on the details,
but I need to collect conchs.
- Do what you can do. - Carry it.
Just make it possible for me to carry it.
Make it a cross body bag.
You can zip and unzip.
(Da Hee makes use of the laundry bag.)
We don't have much time.
- We need to move fast. - It's okay.
Relax.
Survival doesn't get easier.
Relax even if you are in a hurry.
There are too many of them.
- Let's go. - Okay.
- Jung Chul. - We have enough.
Be careful.
- Are you okay? - Why do you ask?
(Jung Chul looks for wounds.)
You aren't hurt, are you? You need to be careful.
- Step on the floor. - I am embarrassed. Stop talking.
Okay.
Here.
(She collects conchs as if nothing happened.)
It's slippery. Don't step on the wet rocks.
Let's see what Chief Byung Man is doing.
It hurts.
(My tailbone hurts.)
Are we on our own?
(The three members are left in a different island.)
(Dazed)
(How will we live?)
(They are at a loss.)
(I am going back home.)
Hold on. Where are you going?
Come on.
Where are you going?
He really tried to leave.
This is the worst scenario.
(You said this place is the last paradise on Earth.)
Hold on. You must be good at things.
I can't do anything without Byung Man.
- We have no time to complain. - Okay.
Let's unpack and get ready.
- You are optimistic. - Why are you so optimistic?
- What? - Why are you so optimistic?
I am a married man.
Are you optimistic because you are married?
That's convincing.
Let's go over there.
Then we should decide...
which place will be our base camp.
It can be here.
- What? - This place is good.
This island is small.
Water probably flows underneath.
Shall we go around the island?
Let's put our luggage here and explore the island.
- Wouldn't it be better? - Shall we go around the island?
- It will be a walk. - Shall we do that?
Shall we meet back here?
What? Should we go separately?
You won't have enough screen time unless you go with me.
All right.
Bye.
(The exploration starts.)
It's hard to go into the forest, right?
(Right next to the beach is a dense jungle.)
I can hear the birds.
There is an orangutan.
- Really? - Yes.
(What?)
Will you keep telling these lies?
- What is this? - I have to tell them at first.
- You have to tell them at first. - Otherwise, I feel awkward.
All right.
Can you light up a fire?
- What? - Can you light up a fire?
You should light up your eyes.
- Let's go around the island. - Okay.
I am sorry that I can't react to all of your jokes.
I will react to 2 out of 3 jokes.
- I will react to 2 out of 3 jokes. - Joon Young.
- Yes? - Try to be more responsive.
We have only met.
As a fellow celebrity,
- you can be more understanding. - Of course.
Kang Nam, lead the way.
Okay.
(With Kang Nam leading, they walk into the forest.)
(It's completely different from the beach.)
Kang Nam. What will we do without Byung Man?
We don't have a shelter. How will we build a shelter?
There will be mosquitoes.
There is no wind to chase them away. This is a disaster.
- I feel dizzy. - Hold on.
There is a bird.
Isn't it a parrot?
Why is it sitting down?
(It's a bird with white weathers and a dark beak.)
There is another one.
This one has a room on the second floor.
- It's pretty. - Isn't it more expensive?
- What do you mean? - Isn't this room more expensive?
The second floor is more expensive.
(White tern is well-known to live for many years.)
Its beak is blue.
(We have a nest. Do you have a shelter?)
(They cross the forest that is filled with birds...)
(and reach to the beach on the other side.)
- We reached the other side. - What?
We reached the other side.
(They travel far to find a place to build their shelter.)
Is this side better?
This side could be better.
The wind will keep the mosquitoes away.
If we sleep over there, the mosquitoes will bite us.
The water won't come up to here, will it?
If it's too windy,
- won't it get too cold? - What about the water?
The beach on the other side was wider.
- Let's walk around. - Shall we do that?
Let's walk around.
- Let's walk around some more. - This drives me crazy.
We were in the jungle, but it's different by the beach.
There must be a volcano.
A volcano.
(The topography is varied even though the island is small.)
(Is there something to eat?)
There are no clams.
(They can't even find clams.)
Isn't that a giant clam?
Oh, it isn't. What is that?
(Sharp needles)
Isn't it a porcupine carcass?
I found a monster.
What? Is it an animal?
What is that?
Isn't it an ammonite fossil?
(They take a closer look.)
Blowfish.
- What's that? - Blowfish.
What's that?
- Blowfish. - It's poisonous.
- Blowfish. - Yes.
- It's fish. - Yes.
That's why it smells.
- It's smelly. - It's smelly.
There is a crab. Is it alive?
I think it's dead.
(This one is dead too.)
It's dead. It's like a fossil.
(In this island,)
It's a crab.
(nothing is alive.)
No way.
- Is it a shark? - It's so big.
(There is a giant fish bone.)
It will be nice to catch fish this big.
Isn't it a tuna?
(Why is it on the beach?)
- It must have been this big. - It's really big.
(Without Chief Byung Man,)
(they feel a sense of fear.)
This drives me crazy.
There is nothing on this island.
What should we do?
(Will the three of them be able to survive?)
(Meanwhile, on the island with Chief Byung Man,)
(he is planning a jungle house on his own.)
It will get colder at night.
(An hour ago)
I went inside the forest.
There were sand flies and mosquitoes.
I smell chicken poop.
(Is there chicken here?)
That's why I decided to move to the beach.
(Build a shelter on the windy beach.)
(He is planning to build a shelter on the beach.)
I will focus on making it waterproof...
so that we don't get rained on.
(Byung Man figured out the environment upon arrival.)
Squalls can come suddenly.
(It's know-how that stems from experiences and knowledge.)
It rains mostly at night.
That's why we need a roof.
Look over there.
(Build a roof over the shelter at a humid island.)
(He decided on the location and design.)
(Use materials from the environment.)
(He will use the remains of the resting place.)
Hurry up.
Did you catch something?
(Jung Chul and Da Hee come back with conchs.)
Conchs.
- What? - We collected conchs.
Conchs?
(They have a lot of conchs.)
This is...
- Did you find these? - There are a lot of them.
There were a lot of them in this size.
We only collected a few.
Murex is very tasty.
- Is it tasty? - Yes.
I didn't think it would be tasty as there were so many of them.
There were a lot of them.
That's why you said you collected them.
- We collected them. - You collected them.
That's right.
My goodness.
We can collect these...
- and catch fish. - She wants fish.
Then let's store them...
somewhere else.
- Let's put them there. - There?
- You see the rocks, right? - Is that the storage?
Yes. Put them there.
- We could farm them. - Keep them in clear water.
We can have these for snacks.
(Da Hee stores what she collected.)
Keep them submerged in water.
(She can do it well on her own.)
(They now have food in the natural storage.)
Jung Chul, let's build a house.
-You see the big logs, right? - Yes.
We will put the thickest ones sideways.
- You will lay them down. - Two logs will enough.
- Then we will lay them like this. - Three logs.
There are two sheets plywood.
We can put them over the logs.
- The roof will be triangular. - It will look like this.
It will keep the rain out.
- The end. - The end.
- Jung Chul. - Yes?
(Byung Man hasn't recovered fully.)
- This one and this one. - We need all of them.
- Shall I take all of them? - Yes.
(He moves the logs under Chief Byung Man's directions.)
Move them over there.
I lost the muscles I made in The Law of Jungle.
(Even for a veteran, the logs are heavy.)
(At that moment)
Da Hee, please take this one. Watch the nails.
This one.
(She carries it slowly at first.)
(Then she sprints.)
(Da Hee sprints across the beach.)
(Running)
(Heave-ho)
(She runs back as soon as she puts the log down.)
(Da Hee is an energetic woman who roams the jungle.)
(Da Hee never runs out of energy.)
You can put it in the middle.
(The veteran ran out of energy.)
(Running)
(She is scary.)
(Cheerful)
(Grabbing)
(Da Hee contributes a lot.)
We just need to bring the big log.
Is it over there?
- Yes. - The big one's heavy.
- I have you. - Let's carry it together.
(Let's carry the log together.)
I can't carry it alone.
It has been a while...
(He needs Da Hee's strength to carry the log.)
since I carried the log.
(However, she organizes her backpack.)
You have everything in your backpack.
It's a backpack of treasures.
(A rope?)
- Now... - You put it under the log.
(They put the rope under the log.)
- We can carry it like this. - You are smart.
All right.
It's much easier.
You are the brain of the team.
(Da Hee is strong and smart.)
You are so smart.
I am so impressed.
Da Hee, please bring an ax.
Make a shape of V.
(Even for the veterans, axing isn't easy.)
You should try everything.
(She takes the ax with wide eyes.)
I trust you more than Jung Chul.
I bet she can do it better than me.
That's right. Use the weight of the ax.
She knows how to use an ax.
She has the know-how.
We should check how much Da Hee moves in a day.
We need to cut a furrow.
(She follows Byung Man's instructions.)
She has the know-how.
(1,000,001, 1,000,002)
(1,000,003)
That's enough. That's perfect.
(She cut a furrow neatly.)
All right.
We need to dig a hole.
- The lower one. - This log.
(She picks up the tool...)
(and digs the earth without a word.)
(Staring)
She is better than most men.
I saw her run around. She was incredibly active.
"She really wanted to be on The Law of Jungle."
(She moves endlessly despite the heat.)
It was hard to work because of the heat.
However, my body felt great despite the exhaustion.
I didn't think of it as a struggle.
(She is 100-percent suited for The Law of Jungle.)
(Thanks to Da Hee, the foundation is complete.)
- Don't you need a furrow there? - No.
Why aren't they coming?
(Where are the younger members?)
(Coming soon)
(In one island are careful plans for survival.)
(In the other is a free-spirited survival.)
(They haven't decided where to build a house.)
We need to build a house.
(They circled the island.)
(What should I do?)
There is nothing.
(They go back to the starting point.)
This place is nice.
- Where? - This place is nice.
Look.
- The grass tells us... - You are right.
- the water won't reach this far. - This place is nice.
We won't need a roof.
(A coconut tree provides the shade.)
Now, let's make this place our base camp.
We can't sleep like this.
- What do you mean? - I mean...
- It might rain. - That's right.
We have raincoats.
(We have Apink raincoats.)
We can put them together.
I have three raincoats.
Let's put up the raincoats...
with a rope.
It will bump up the cost of the house.
- We can use a rope. - This place isn't developed.
- Is it cheap? - It's cheap.
I see.
The mountain and the sea create the perfect harmony.
You always have a response.
That's right.
You weren't a comedian, were you?
- What? - You have always been an actor.
- I was a resident of Busan. - A resident of Busan.
(He makes a dad joke all the time.)
Let's use the Pythagorean theorem.
- Pythagoras? - What?
- Why did you bring up Pythagoras? - It's a triangle.
It's mathematics, right?
X minus Y multiplied by X.
- You are X. - Really?
- You are X. - I like Y.
My goodness.
(They're really amazing.)
- My goodness. - Do you know pi? 3.14.
Do you know pi? 3.14.
Walnut pie is the best.
(I haven't struggled this much in The Law of Jungle.)
Now...
Let's build a big house.
- Let's make a triangle. - A triangle.
Everyone,
I brought this to repel mosquitoes.
(He brought it from Korea to avoid the mosquitoes.)
Thank you.
(Jung Tae takes care of the younger members.)
You must protect your legs too.
Hold on.
(I will spray it on myself.)
(He sprays it like a middle-aged man.)
It should go that way.
You want to connect the middle.
It will be the frame.
(They make the frame by roping three trees.)
We only need a roof over our heads.
- Pull hard. - That's good.
The rope is short. Leave it.
- Should I leave it? - Yes.
All right.
We can do everything with the rope.
(They complete the frame with the rope.)
(Will they use the coconut leaves?)
(They put coconut leaves over the rope.)
Let's go.
(They don't make a slope for the rain to fall.)
We came up with a quick plan...
because we didn't want to work. We just needed a place to sleep.
We worked with the same thought...
in our minds.
That's good.
(They complete the roof in 15 minutes.)
I will throw them to you.
(They make a fireplace with coconut shells.)
(A trunk that is rolled over...)
It's a fireplace.
(makes a table.)
- Isn't it a fireplace? - It's a fireplace.
It's a fireplace.
(They forgo the flooring since dirt is good for health.)
(So far it took 20 minutes.)
(Throwing)
(They build a shelter in the shortest time...)
(in The Law of Jungle history.)
Try lying down.
It's cozier than you think.
(They only worked for 20 minutes.)
Nice.
- It's nice. - Quite nice.
We are a small team,
but the three of us...
can win the other five.
- We have a good teamwork. - Yes.
What do you think?
- Jung Tae. - Yes?
Isn't that chicken?
- We should catch it. - Gosh.
Jung Tae, isn't that chicken?
- Pick up a branch. - Should we hit them?
Hurry. Pick up a branch.
- Pick up a branch. - Jung Tae, isn't that chicken?
(The Vice Chief is in a hunting mode.)
This is...
(It's a hunting zone, not a shelter zone!)
- There's chicken. - Chase them.
Chase them toward the sea. Hurry up.
Chase them toward the sea.
(They need to...)
(drive the chicken toward the sea.)
Why aren't these people moving?
We said we'd take a five-minute break.
- We have a minute left. - Still...
- They're right there. - They won't go far.
They don't have wings.
- Still... - They're angels without wings.
They're right in front of us.
We have no strength.
Still, they're so close.
We said we'd take a 5-minute break.
Seriously? For real?
(Is this for real?)
- They won't leave. - No.
- Won't they? - No.
- Seriously? - Let's rest for five minutes.
There are three of them right there.
They won't go anywhere.
Do you think so too?
That's their house.
They're not seagulls. They're chickens.
They won't go anywhere.
We need to drive them toward the sea, no?
(This has never happened before.)
I was taken aback.
They told me to sit down.
We always ran when there was something.
We even jumped in the water.
(Cock-a-doodle-doo!)
(Whenever they heard a chicken crow,)
(they ran as fast as they could.)
Hey! Jump in the water and swim!
(If we don't catch it, we'll starve.)
(Kang Nam even dived into dirty water.)
Yes, there were chickens.
But what should I have done?
I had no idea we had to catch them.
We were tired after...
building a shelter.
I thought they'd come back again.
I told him let's wait.
Kang Nam was funny.
(Only Kang Nam was antsy.)
I was flustered. I was shocked.
I haven't met free souls in a long time.
What?
Wait. This never happened before.
We can catch them. They have nowhere to go.
I've been in the jungle 10 times already,
but I've never had a great chance like this.
Seriously, I'm getting the chills.
- You won't miss the chance. - I mean...
I'm running a simulation.
- A simulation? - Let's say we catch them.
What will we do after?
Who will pluck all the feathers?
The chickens are gone. I don't see them.
(They're gone.)
- It's okay. - How will you pluck the feathers?
We have to catch them first.
Never mind. It's okay.
They have nowhere to go. They're bored.
Really? That was a great chance though.
(Byung Man,)
Really?
(I miss you.)
- Guys. - Yes?
- Let me tell you what I think. - Okay.
- I already gave up. - First...
let's catch them.
- The chickens? - Yes.
(Let's catch them.)
- We should've done that earlier. - No.
They aren't in a hurry. We aren't in a hurry either.
- We just need to eat dinner. - Is that right?
Then how will you catch the chickens?
Don't we need to beat them with this?
We should've beaten them earlier.
We should see what they do.
What will you beat them with? Rock?
I wasn't going to use any tools.
(They set off to hunt.)
- Let's go. - Wait. Let me practice.
Why don't you...
try crowing?
Let's practice.
(Ignoring)
Joon Young.
I'm talking to you.
- Show us. - How are you doing it?
(I can't mimic a chicken.)
It's okay.
(Clucking)
(Goodness)
(Poor Jung Tae.)
I'm turning 50 soon. Should I really do this?
You're great at it.
- Let's go. - He's an actor.
He really is an actor.
He can act like a chicken.
(Will they succeed in catching chickens?)
The youngest members, Niel and Byung Chan...
also start exploring the island.
What do we need to do when we explore an island?
Based on my experience...
Based on your experience...
- I was an ace. - I see.
- Because it's low tide... - What's in there?
we need to see what's in the water.
We should see if there are any coconuts hanging low.
Don't pick them?
We do. We pick them if we can.
You always have to look carefully.
We might catch something unexpected.
(Follow me!)
(Let's see.)
Is this something you were talking about?
I've never eaten a coconut.
Me neither.
Coconut oil...
I hear liquid.
- Should we try opening it? - Can we eat this?
- It's gone bad though. - Has it gone bad?
- Hasn't it? - But it doesn't smell.
- Let's take it. - Let's bring it with us.
- It's just one. - Yes.
Wait. What's this?
Is there something?
This.
Isn't it a sea cucumber?
We can't bring this. Let's just remember.
We'll remember this.
Just remember that there was a sea cucumber.
Let's not go in there.
(Stopping)
- Because it's scary. - Yes.
Just tell the others we found a place like this.
Yes.
- Let's just remember it. - Okay.
There's a coconut path.
Yes.
Look at this.
It's a fish.
(They find a small fish.)
Remember that. We have three things to remember.
Bring your mom.
Let's remember this spot.
(Let's not forget the lesson from the experienced.)
An advice from the experienced.
I will escort you, so don't worry.
(They eagerly memorize everything.)
Don't worry.
If we go this way...
There's a crab!
- On the rock! - Let's get that.
We have to get it.
- How? - With our hands.
(They're eager to get there.)
I have no hands.
I'll throw this coconut.
- There are crabs here. - Yes.
- Where is it? - On that side.
Right in front of you.
- Here? - Yes. I'll go there.
- Here. - Where?
Here.
It's here.
Hit it with the stick and make it faint.
- There. - It's there.
- There. - The crab.
Byung Chan.
It's over there. It's going in.
- Where? Did you check where it is? - Here.
- Over here. - Where? Corner it.
Stay there. Ill go the other way.
(The crab is stuck.)
- No. - Go over there.
- I'll go over there. - Okay.
- Then I'll go this way again. - Okay.
It's right in there.
Let's break this stick and share it.
- Okay. Break it. - Okay.
(Byung Chan starts sawing.)
Wait. Look.
You need to use your brain.
- Wait. I'm sawing it. - I'll catch it.
(Sawing)
When will it get done?
I can do it!
(It won't break.)
- Put it here. Look. - Byung Chan.
(Goodness, Byung Chan.)
Yes, like that.
What if it ran away?
This is taking too long.
Should I stomp on this? I think it'll break.
No, turn it around.
(Niel starts sawing instead.)
Now, break it.
Not like that. The other way.
Good. Like that.
- That's it, Byung Chan. - Okay.
All right. We'll catch it now.
Are you ready?
(All right. Let's catch it now!)
This way.
I think there's a rock.
It's coming out.
- It's getting out. - There.
- Don't move. - Okay.
Calm down.
(Moving away)
Don't move.
Hey, it jumped.
I told you it jumps.
- Where did it go? - Underneath it.
- Underneath my foot? - Under the rock.
- Here? - Yes.
- Where? - Next to it.
- Where? - Here.
That's not it.
That isn't it. Is it?
(Hey, crab. Where are you?)
I can't see.
What's this?
- Hey, Byung Chan. - What's wrong?
Don't go after the crab. Let's take this.
(He picks up calliostoma unicum.)
Get the easy ones first.
(This is how an experienced person hunts.)
(He switches targets quickly...)
(in order to survive in the jungle.)
Look at this.
- What's that? - What's this?
- This is something different. - What's that?
(They're good at catching inanimate things.)
What's this?
Hey. It's perfect.
- You're so good. - This is perfect.
We caught a lot.
This is a lot.
You sure are the experienced one.
You just have to count on me.
Jung Chul and Da Hee...
might not have caught anything.
- You're right. - Yes.
- So we have to... - We have to work as twice as hard.
There's a crab! I see it.
- Where? - Over there.
- You have a great eyesight. - It's on the sand.
We can do it, Byung Chan.
Imagine what it would taste like.
- Think about it. - It must be tasty.
- It'll be delicious. - Won't it?
- It must be good. - Of course.
With one crab...
Let's be manly.
I'll do it.
(Let's catch this guy.)
(Niel hands over the gastropod, and gets ready to catch the crab.)
(Come on out.)
I can do it.
Here they are.
They came out from here!
- They are out, right? Where? - They are here!
(The crabs come out to avoid his attack.)
Where? Are they all out?
You, punks! You! Gosh.
Byung Chan, can you shake the stick between the rocks?
(Let me put them here first.)
Why are the stones so big?
(He wants to put down gastropods they caught.)
(Unable to find his way)
Why can't I find a normal-looking stone here?
Byung Chan, the sun might start setting.
First, flip it, and put it down on the ground.
You can do it, right? There you go.
(Goodness, Byung Chan.)
(Byung Chan finally helps.)
I can't do it anymore.
- I can't do this. - How do I manage this? Gosh.
- Come on. - Go for it, Byung Chan.
- Come. - It's time for you to go for it.
- Goodness. - Byung Chan!
Come back here.
Crabs, no. Don't lift your claws.
Hey, hurry!
Don't lift your claws. Hold on a second, Niel.
My arms are about to go numb. I'm serious.
I'm scared to death right now.
I'm really scared.
- I can see it, but... - Come on. Go for it now.
If it came out, you'd better do it quickly.
It's coming out.
(The crab is slowly coming about.)
Come back here, punk. No, it went back in.
(He pushes the crab back.)
It's out.
(It comes out, but goes back in.)
No, forget it, Niel. It's over.
It's over.
- You got it then? - No, it went back in.
- Sorry? - It went back in.
(My goodness.)
Hey, we should get more people on this.
- Right? So we should hurry back. - Okay.
Let's bring Jung Chul and Da Hee back here.
I don't think we can handle this on our own.
Wait, that. What is that?
Where?
It's right there.
- Where? - There! Hey, stay calm.
- Where is it? - Stay calm. Be calm.
(There's a crab under the rock.)
- Don't move. - Okay.
All right.
Wing-formation.
- Hey, go that way. - I'll go that way.
- I'll go that way. - Go that way.
You can do this.
- I can do this. - Get ready.
We'll use the wing-formation method.
- Go, go, go! - Here.
(March on!)
(Dashing away)
- Here it is. - Hey.
Hold it down. Hold it down.
No, hold it down.
(Moving away)
(Byung Chan moves away from the crab as he's startled.)
- Press it down. - No!
Where did it go?
We can catch this, right? We can do this, can't we?
- Pardon? - It came out!
- Where is it? - Hey, Byung Chan.
- I'll be on the other side. - I'll block this part.
(The crab runs away quickly while pacing back and forth.)
(Niel chases after the crab like a persistent chaser.)
I got it! I got it!
Hey, hey. Just keep it down. Press it down.
I'm holding the claws down.
What do I do with this? How do I catch it?
Do I hold the claws?
You must hold the both sides from the back.
From the back? Flip it.
Wait a second. I'm holding the crab now.
- Watch this. We can do this. - I'm holding it down too.
- I'm holding the claws. - Should I let this go now?
- No, don't let go. - Okay.
I'm holding two claws now. Let it go now.
All right. Here.
No, catch it!
No, no. It's right here.
- I got it. - You got it?
- I have it. - Don't press it hard. It will die.
We can do this. Hey, my friend.
I did it. I did it!
(At last,)
(he catches the crab!)
(We did it!)
We got it.
Were you screaming?
Let's go. Let's get going now.
- Admiral Yi Sun Shin's formation. - You bet.
- It's amazing. - Of course, it is.
Let's stop looking for more food.
Let's go.
Hey, there's more. There are 2... 3 crabs.
Byung Chan, it's your turn now. I can't use my hands.
But that one is bigger.
Right. So should we release this guy?
No, that's not it.
Should I hold it for you?
This might run away from you.
Let's go.
- Let's do our high-five later. - Okay.
(Let's stop exploring.)
- Hey, guys! - Let's go.
We brought gastropods and a crab.
- You caught a crab? - Yes, there were so many.
- We saw many of them. - Aren't they fast?
Niel caught it.
They jumped around even.
- They jumped around? - Yes.
- I guess crabs are quite athletic. - They were pretty athletic.
- Can one of you help me with this? - Yes, I'll help.
(Carrying)
(Her instinct to run is unstoppable.)
(She's full of energy.)
(Da Hee can gather all the materials for the roof alone.)
Where did it go?
- Let's go. - Go.
Watch your feet.
Let's move at the same pace. Don't move too fast.
(They work together.)
- This side is heavier. - Watch out for the stone.
- This side is moving too fast. - That side is too heavy.
That side is too heavy.
- I'll move closer to your side. - Okay, move closer.
I will...
move it with you. Why isn't it moving?
That one is really heavy.
1, 2, 3.
(Did someone just pass by us?)
Okay.
(Pulling)
Goodness.
- Are we almost there? - We're almost there.
I'm not sure anymore.
Wait.
(They finish delivering the log in the end.)
- We are almost there. - We're close now.
Let's take a breather.
- Should we take a break? - No, no. You guys can't do this.
(Da Hee helps the Chief to build the house.)
Where should I put this?
(Byung Man picked up every discarded nail.)
- Here? - This one is great too.
(They reuse the discarded table systematically.)
That's right. We should put it down vertically.
(They work together to build their first house.)
Watch your hands.
(With the Chief's planning and their effort...)
- It's done. - Yes, it is.
Okay. This is nice.
Gosh, I just want to go to the other side on this right now.
(Feeling proud)
Since there are five of us,
two of us should go to the sea...
(Thanks to him, their survival is more organized.)
Can you go into the water and pick up some gastropods?
Should I go? Da Hee, do you want to join me?
- Okay. - Da Hee and Byung Chan can go.
Da Hee and Byung Chan can go.
- She's smiling that she's going. - Aren't you happy?
Come on. Hurry.
- I guess she must feel hot. - Exactly.
Niel, I invited you because of this house.
- I knew it. - Right.
I'm quite good at building houses.
- I want you to do only hard stuff. - Okay, okay. I got it.
- We'll be back. - we'll be back.
- I'll see you later. - Da Hee, bring us a lot of food.
- You know our storage box? - Yes.
Make our storage box look like an island from here.
- I got it. - I hope you make a pile with them.
- Okay. Bye. - See you later.
Da Hee's face is red.
She worked hard too.
Am I that red?
You look like an apple.
A plum?
(His right hand is fixed there.)
That's a good thing then.
- Do it just like this. - I see.
- You can split it? - Yes.
Make sure you don't hurt your fingers. Start from thin parts.
(Niel begins splitting the leaves.)
Put them on the longer side.
Alternate the leaves.
- Alternate them? - Yes.
(He strengthened the safety with nails Da Hee brought.)
(But...)
(Da Hee isn't here.)
(Without Da Hee, the energizer,)
(the mood gets somber.)
You can find some bushes there. Can you give them to me?
They are underneath that.
(These three guys...)
(quietly focus on working.)
Byung Man never takes a break.
- You know in the sand, - Yes?
we need a table.
(He recycles leftovers.)
Let's make a table. We need it for dinner.
When we put this up...
With this,
when we cook, the sand won't get into the food.
If we place this underneath, it'd be perfect.
(It's spacious for five people.)
When we all lie down here,
- everyone can fit in. - Yes, we can.
(The roof will stop the rain and wind.)
This is amazing.
I only see the sea inside this triangle.
(We invite you to the house with an ocean view.)
The view is spectacular.
- It's nice, isn't it? - It's amazing.
- All right. - All right.
- Good job. - Well done, everyone.
All right. We'll move to the next island.
We'll move to the next island.
We're doomed.
In my head, I had a plan to build the house right here.
- Should we start? - Let's go.
- Where are we going? - Let's get going first.
- Let's go quietly. - Should we walk around it first?
- Sure. - Okay?
- They will run away. - You can't run like that.
(You'll startle them, and they'll run away.)
(To catch chickens,)
(making the sounds is nothing.)
Should we wait in the shadow and come back when they show up?
(The flock of wild chickens disappeared into thin air.)
Hey, can't we lure them out with food?
We can use the coconuts. They eat coconuts.
- Really? - They'll come back when we wait.
Should we pick some coconuts and put them here?
- Here? - I'm not sure.
I'm certain they will come back here...
because there are a lot of coconuts here.
We should pick one of those coconuts there.
Go for it.
(They find coconuts right next to their camp.)
(Wait.)
Can't you climb up on top of the wood block?
- Here. - Can't you do it? You're tall.
Okay. I'll give it a go. But we are about the same height.
- Really? - Try it with this.
I'll hold you.
- Are you left-handed? - Yes.
Then you have to face the other way.
(He's completely focused.)
(He begins wielding his knife furiously.)
That's great. Great.
That's excellent.
- Yes! You're so cool. - Gosh, what a cool guy.
You're so cool.
There, there. No, not there. Aim that part.
Yes, you can cut that part.
Yes, yes! Here we go!
Go, go! You can do it!
You can do it!
- Goodness, you're so noisy! - I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry. - You're almost there.
I wanted to cheer for you.
Great, great. Keep knifing the same part.
(Noises Kang Nam makes break him down.)
What should I do?
(Gosh, he's draining my energy.)
Cut the same part.
- Don't rest. You're tired. - Wait.
- You're almost done. You're close. - Jump at the end.
- Jump! - Let's get him out.
- How can he do that? - Hey, come here.
- Pardon? - Let me step on your shoulders.
- Shoulders? - Yes.
- Let me use your shoulders. - Like this?
(He steps on the shoulders.)
My goodness.
- Hey, here you go. - Should you do this, Joon Young?
Be careful.
Hey, my back is about to snap.
- This is... - Jung Tae, hurry.
- Hurry. - Give that to me. Come on.
- Come on, hurry. - Hang onto the branch.
Hey.
- That's even scarier. - Get the coconuts. I'm dying here.
(Staggering)
I'm dying here.
Hold on a second. Hey, hey. No, no.
(He's panicking.)
Hold on, Jung Tae. Wait.
Just come down.
(Kang Nam could have cost his life just to pick coconuts for chickens.)
- Move aside. - Goodness.
Hey, why couldn't you endure a bit longer?
- How much do you weigh? - Hey!
What's your weight?
Hey!
(He picks it at once.)
- How did you... - How could...
- Okay. - Okay.
- We need to crack this. - Come here.
- The ax. - Bring the ax.
- I'll do it. - That's easy. I can crack it.
- Hey. - Let's take five minutes.
Okay, let's rest for five.
- Hey, but our plan... - Teamwork?
- to get closer was great. - It was, wasn't it?
- Let's keep our alliance going. - You bet.
We're wasting coconut water.
The sand got in. The sand got in. You'll be drinking the sand.
(The coconut water is sprung.)
Drink it. You should drink.
(Gushing out)
(Chocking)
Jung Tae. No, what a waste.
(He can't even drink.)
You. My nose.
(I'm sorry, Jung Tae.)
(Kang Nam takes care of Joon Young.)
(Sighing)
It's so sweet.
(I feel so much better.)
(He wants to eat the inside too.)
There's another wooden block. Use this instead.
Drink it all.
Wait. There's nothing inside.
What? Why is it empty?
Then let's crack one on the ground. Like that one.
(They check just in case.)
(He picks up coconuts on the ground.)
- Is it in there? - Yes.
- There's a bit left. - Yes, there is.
This is the sweet part.
- It's the white part. - That.
Try it. It's sweet.
Well...
(Since my blood sugar is low, let me try it.)
Isn't it sweet?
(He's tasting the coconut.)
(Spitting out)
Gosh, how can this be sweet? It's not sugar.
(To wild chickens, it's the perfect bait.)
- Isn't that enough to lure them? - Right. Let's take it for now.
- Must I spread it where they were? - Yes, spread it in the middle.
The flat ground where they were earlier.
(Our backyard will be the graveyard for the chickens.)
- My gosh, I'm losing my energy. - You are, right?
That's why you must eat.
- We must eat. - Let's hurry.
Let's go pick up clams.
- Sorry? - Let's pick up clams.
- Who? - Clams.
- Gastropods. - Are we picking clams now?
Yes, we must do it now. Let's get going.
We'll go in the water?
(Meanwhile, on the other side of the island,)
(Da Hee and Byung Chan are getting ready to hunt underwater.)
(It seems they are making something.)
What are you making now?
I heard that there are so many murexes here.
I'm making a net to put those in.
I couldn't catch crabs. Will I be able to find murexes instead?
I can't catch living things.
(Just trust me.)
(Da Hee makes a fish net with the laundry net.)
I'm not sure if I'm strong or not.
But I can be quite stubborn.
I don't give up until I make it happen.
I don't think I can come back empty-handed.
I think I might have nightmares if I come back empty-handed.
- Is that so? - Yes. I have to catch something.
(Before the shoot, underwater training center)
I like being in the water. I like swimming too.
I learned I must be good at underwater swimming for this show.
I've never done that.
I'm planning to practice though.
(Da Hee keeps on practicing.)
(2 hours later since her practice started)
(After putting a lot of effort, she got used to underwater swimming.)
(Will her practice pay off?)
(These two, who look like models, set out to the sea.)
(Looking courageous)
- It startled me. - Why?
- Didn't you catch this earlier? - I haven't seen this.
- No, we didn't. - Let's go there.
(Trust me, and just follow me.)
(This rocky island is their goal.)
You have to be careful. I fell on my bottom earlier.
(She checks her flippers.)
(They put on the gloves.)
Okay.
(Da Hee gets comfortable.)
Let's do it sitting down.
(The youngest follows Da Hee's lead.)
You seem happy now that you'll be going into the water.
I love being in the water.
- It seems like it. - Pardon?
(Da Hee is in her element.)
I don't think it will be scary.
An actress just spat on TV.
(She doesn't care about her image.)
(Byung Chan, the youngest. Our group's pride is at stake.)
Do you think there will be fish?
I hope so.
(I can catch them.)
For this moment, she was trained and prepared the gears.
Da Hee, the enthusiast, and Byung Chan are fully ready.
With strong will and high hopes, she sets into the water.
Will her expectations bear fruits?
(What's the result of her first hurting?)
Next week.
(Their survival of laid-back guys isn't over.)
(He, who is starving, jumps into the water.)
(But it's not easy.)
(Meanwhile, the Chief's survival is systematic.)
(The momentum is great,)
(and so is their teamwork.)
(The Chief ventures out!)
(The most luxurious survival on the Chief's island)
That looks so good.
(Next day)
We have an announcement to make.
(Their base camps must be switched from that point on.)
(The Law of Jungle in Cook Islands)